Big O Notation: 

Motivation: 
- Big o notation is used to define the time complexity and space complaxity. 
  you can use this notation to define algorithm time and space complaxity.


Motivate the need for something like Big O Notation
Describe what Big O Notation is
Simplify Big O Expressions
Define "time complexity" and "space complexity"
Evaluate the time complexity and space complexity of different algorithms using Big O Notation
Describe what a logarithm is

Who cares?

It's important to have a precise vocabulary to talk about how our code performs
Useful for discussing trade-offs between different approaches
When your code slows down or crashes, identifying parts of the code that are inefficient can help us find pain points in our applications
Less important: it comes up in interviews!


What does the batter mean?
- Faster?
- Less memory-insentive?
- more readable?
- less number of lines?


Problem with time?
Different machines will record different times
The same machine will record different times!
For fast algorithms, speed measurements may not be precise enough?


Time Complexity
- Time complexity is not related to the time took to compelete the operations.
  it is related to the number of operation computer have to perform. 


BIG O

big O notation is a way to formalize fuzzy counting 
It allow us to talk how much of runtime algorith grow as input increae

Big O shorthands

Arthmatic operations are constent
Varibale assignment is also constant
accessing array wih a specif loop or object is going to be same

time complexity:-
- Always the runtime of the algorithm increase as the input of the algorithm increases. 

space complexity:- 
- How much additional memory do we take to alocate in order to run the code in our algorith. 

auxilary space complexity: -
- space allocated by the alogorith by iteself not by the input of the algoriths

Space complexity in js Rules:-
- Most primitives like `Boolean, number, undefiend, null` are constent space. 
- Strings require O(n) space. (Where n is the string length)
- Reference types take O(n). like array , object. where n is the length of the array or number of keys objects. 

